hey everybody welcome back and relay and
please binding of issac afterwards plus
we just did an eve run but I can't
resist the temptation to fill out the
evening note so did has oh is our seed
today I hope you don't mind I hope you
don't mind now wrote down the words no I
hope you don't mind the fact that we're
doing a another Eden run sorry another
Eve Rijn I should say we also I mean we
have a good excuse in that we could
finish things but we also have a good
excuse in that try like this I think
don't burn up my invincibility time
thank you we also have a good excuse in
that we just got the razor blades so we
can actually like experience that for
the first time which is why we probably
should have picked up that HP instead of
being an idiot and just ignoring it okay
fair enough
you boy if I had a rap name it would be
like young distracted I'm not
I don't always diligently pay as much
attention as I should
it's not because I'm lost in thought
thinking about you know TV show or candy
canes or whatever the heck outs people
are into these days although I do like
both artificial mint flavors and I do
believe that we are in the golden age of
television right now I mean have you
seen young Sheldon it's masterful it
reminds me of a young distracted if I
might say so myself it's just I don't
know my brain it tries to run two
processes at once and usually that just
means that it's running like 40% of each
one hopefully it doesn't end up being
too much of a problem right here so
greedier it's an easy start for us you
know what we do well we first off
celebrate the fact that we have five
point eight six damage which is pretty
good we also buy a key in between our
first couple of waves here like our boss
wave and our final normal mobs and
that's fine
we'll do that
hopefully we get like a rate of fire
increase cuz that pretty much gives us
the keys to the kingdom I don't know
what the keys to the kingdom are by the
way I say it all the time I know what it
means I know what it infers the keys to
the kingdom is like you know you're
driving the bus if your kingdom was a
bus you got the keys you can now do it
originally this was gonna be a joke
about how by the time you know you need
the keys most of these buses will
probably have keyless entry but it
doesn't really make sense either I don't
understand being honest with you and I
when I say this I have a car that has
keyless entry it also has you don't put
the keys in to start it I don't
understand how it doesn't just get
stolen cuz like it's kind of like not
bad Brown nugget here we'll give it a
try at least see how it works
Oh actually it's kind of bad because it
only recharges I thought every time we
killed a wave it would allow us to spawn
another one still not necessarily
terrible but in fact it might very well
be quite good but the way I understand
that the door is only supposed to unlock
if it senses the keys are nearby and
it's only supposed to start if it senses
the keys are nearby but I wonder like if
I was in the store you probably couldn't
just open my car and take it but if I
was like thirty feet from my car and you
were five feet from my car I don't know
maybe you could I don't I hope that
doesn't make me liable like by it by
coming up with this obvious loophole I
voted the warranty or something but I
always wonder about that like what I'm
if I'm if I parked on the street and I'm
walking back to my car I never unlock it
in advance I always wait till I'm like
up against the door cuz I'm worried that
someone could just open the door push
the start button and drive away and
maybe eventually it would be like keys
not detected and it would stop but I
just prefer to avoid that hassle to
begin with if you know what I mean I
think we're gonna go with the razor
blade even though Brown nugget I don't
know it's kind of fun isn't it weird
deals with the devil right off the bat
rarely these days do we start with the
deal with the devil that's like 10 out
of 10 it seems
I think you roll mr. Dahle it's a
sizable it's a sizable tears upgrade
sure you can get a lot of value out of
the razor blade as well and that's not
even like an exaggeration for the
slightest degree if we picked up red
hearts we can use them maintain our
Whore of Babylon state and maybe get
like huge damage bonuses but I kind of
like the idea of trying to make the
brown nugget work here
maybe it will maybe it won't maybe it'll
do what I don't say you will save some
some c'est la vie
I don't remember the lyrics to c'est la
vie by bewitched not as well as I'd like
at least bombs please okay I guess I
should have been more specific
bombs I can use probably not worth it
probably not worth it but may be worth
it so admittedly the run it's making me
look a little foolish right now but I
don't mind looking a little foolish in
fact many would say that that's almost a
professional obligation of mine to make
myself look a little foolish on occasion
and to be honest with you I don't
disagree with you I still have faith
that by the end of this run we'll be
looking smart although at the present
moment we're not quite there although
you know to be honest the rate of fire
is like pretty good the damage is pretty
good we do find ourselves in a weird
spot if we lose Whore of Babylon though
and that could happen with just like an
accidental consumable pickup or
something so be careful I figure you
know what we should probably also start
dropping the brown nugget flies like
closer to dead center so they have a
better chance to hit most enemies but
the thing is the waves should get easier
as time goes on that's not a good place
for that because of the fact that
there's just more flies around so our
first couple of waves we're kind of
fighting them by ourselves but the final
ones should be I'm hoping like 50 50 a
50/50 split between me and my you know a
low
fly labor here we'll see it's just it
pardon me I don't know what I got hit by
there maybe it was a bullet that kind of
blended in with my own bullets and as a
result I have no no reason to be upset
okay this is getting a little dicey
there were some blue fires but we need
bombs to make those actually come to
fruition for us we also just want to
fight the next wave like immediately I
think this was a bad plan
you got a no window the hold of know
when to fold them know when to walk away
know when to run I think this is a
situation in which we should run away
from me baby run away run away from me
baby
run away things about to be crazy just a
run away baby I've actually got no plan
run away fast as you can the flies just
are they doing my damage like the tears
look the same I'm just kind of surprised
at the it seems like if they were doing
my damage every shot would be worth like
or every barrage would be worth like ten
shots but I'm not sure if that's coming
to fruition here deal with the devil you
gotta go Abaddon if you're going Abaddon
you got to take one more items so we'll
take seven seals will take Abaddon which
is obviously like a really really nice
damaged item for us sprinklers pretty
good and the person who made the item
Stewart is means you know followed each
other on Twitter for a hundred million
years
I'll final take it so I always I always
like to throw some rep there wherever
possible can't get a bomb huh so sure I
think that that could be an okay item
for us obviously champion belt probably
a little bit more Markey but that's okay
I shouldn't take strange attractor but I
don't know what's good for me so we
might want to you know it's kind of the
same thing with sprinkler that it is
with brown nugget once we go we want to
keep going so we should get everything
taken care of first
yeah I don't know how this is gonna
affect sprinkler or strange attractor
for that matter but we should give it
the old college try
the other thing is you know I respect
sprinkler as an item it might not be the
most powerful item in the game but it's
extremely unique and as a result I've
got I've got a certain fondness for it a
certain junus a quad a certain issue
sweet engine gar song a certain um
should food rayon gateau chocolate civil
play 9th grade French class man always
preparing me for a world in which I want
croissants a world in which I am a young
boy and a world in which I endlessly
describe apples Lapham a Rouge I don't
know what bizarro world of France and
Orca Beckett thought I was going to but
by the way it's a little noisy I have
noticed that I've determined that
there's one big negative with the
sprinkler strategy and that's that it's
a little on the noisy side it also
appears to have destroyed the brain of
the gates sorry the cage so I am pretty
sure that we are ok here I'm not gonna
use my final uh my final charge I think
we should save it
so the only thing that would really I
mean first off getting like car battery
or something would be hilarious but the
only thing that would make this better
is if we got homing tears I'd be willing
to give that a shot we're not flying but
I kind of just want to go for a max
damage I think gives us a little HP in
the process as well all right what do we
want here we could use the HP to be
honest with you nine volt would maybe
give us one extra sprinkler per wave so
I'm willing to give it a shot and then I
guess maybe we'll buy a key for our next
our next extravaganza this is a cool
greed mode run well it better be greedy
or I'm gonna be cheesed how can I tell
if it's greed or greedy er I don't know
if I can well if it's greed at least
it's fun and you know that's uh that's
why we're playing Isaac still five cents
for a key we'll take them up on that
deal this run is not really about
donations if we can sweets but we don't
have to in order to get value out of it
do we not have charm tiers on the end on
the sprinkler itself I kind of thought
it inherited every tear effect maybe
it's just red overrides it for some
reason yeah we should probably throw our
sprinklers down closer to the center now
if we can get the nine volts why we
already have the nine volts sorry if we
can get the triple a battery trinket we
can start rocking like five or six
sprinklers per wave the one thing that's
a little scary about this is that we're
not gonna get a bunch of sprinklers for
the greed fight so we do still need the
like tangentially to our existing run we
got to make a working a working and
winning run here at some point that
requires maybe only one sprinkler to pop
I am a moron man
okay drop this down here we just killed
this wave mere moments ago so I'm not
too concerned about this one and there's
probably scolex is popping up or yeah
you know you don't seem charmed I know
sometimes people say you know charm to
make your acquaintance they're not
really charmed I don't think in the
sophisticated world people go hey charm
to meet your acquaintance in and out of
their mouth they shoot three bombs in
the general direction of the person
they're speaking to it seems just a
little flippant to me quite a brazen
approach to the overall situation then
again I don't run in circles where I say
charm to make your acquaintance very
often I'm very much more of a nice to
meet you guy occasionally I do say
pleased to have met you but only when
I'm miss speaking and I feel weird about
it later I go is that a weird thing to
say it's not a normal expression people
say evaluate that conversation in my
head for a few years after the moment of
conception I guess we'd like lump of
coal even though I don't think it even
works here we're not really amassing a
lot of money like every floor word
earning about as much as we're spending
you know we can keep that at maintenance
but it's not gonna win us any major
prizes I think seven cent items so it's
a random item essentially for seven
cents okay it was pretty not good I
think I'm just gonna leave we don't have
enough bombs to make that happen that
was extremely lucky and by that I mean
entering the second secret room in case
it's not abundantly clear
okay I think this works for us
we don't really need the range up
obviously you get a fire rate increase
stronger flies three cents for a spirit
heart is not a great trade here
Samson's chain is not take a balloon my
opinion at least not in this situation
let's uh we got a key already of course
let's check this biank we actually like
actively don't want this but I took it
regardless
I guess we'll give it a shot I wasted
like two charges by not popping the
sprinkler down before I hit the button a
bit of a silly decision I'm honestly
like I'm enjoying the run so far I think
the sprinkler strat is cool and I don't
think I've ever had like consistent
multiple sprinklers probably because
sprinkler came out after I was done with
green mode just the easiest way to get
many on the same room for items like
this uh but no spirit all right there
but I'm a little concerned about the way
that we kind of like to hit our victory
condition because we do have to kill a
boss who's pretty freakin annoying and
as much as I would like to have an
intersecting grid of turrets with
frickin laser beams on their heads I
don't think we're gonna get there
necessarily it's the first time like
none of that is worth it I think alright
so right thirty-five cents just give me
some bombs please so I can actually use
the reroll machine without spending all
my money on me and spending time on me
I'll take PFF remember I'm in it to win
it literally I'm in this to get the win
I'm not even worried about donations
I just wanted synthol we can make this
happen we can make this happen
so I was hoping for poop or fires my
favorite game show Cooper fire we're not
gonna make it happen are we I got a I
gotta embrace the fact that we am making
this happen what I am gonna do is play
the shot of the slot machine four times
and maybe we can win the dollar we got a
key that's worth like 5 cents come on
I'm gonna stay at 10 cents that's a
wicked bummer man because I love synth
well as an item you know that it's true
we're on the shop already oh no this is
uh it turns out we didn't need the key I
am a scared boy how do we finish this so
quickly come on well I'm gonna gonna try
a little frightened to be honest with
you don't really love my my chances here
I think it also like finish this run way
faster than I expected
which is actually a testament to the
quality of our sprinkler strap and the
fact that we have essentially piercing
shots but those like really really
expedite the process of getting through
a room being said though it's really
like sprinkler Strad is why we're able
to get through this as quickly as we are
cuz we're crushing the waves but I'm
very much concerned with the idea that
life is gonna be pain for us when we get
down to the next floor our HP is not
killing it either well here's a question
for you do we have blue baby I mean
obviously we've never beaten greedy or
with blue baby we've only done like two
greedier runs to begin with so that was
the last sprinkler I feel comfortable
using
that's the last frickin sprinkler the
next chart should be for save and you
can use it on ultra green make the boss
fight y'all safe-haven don't be slow no
no no no okay it's a weird parody listen
there is an attempt an attempt was made
something great please sure let's try it
I actually don't care about donating
anything I think we go for broke on this
okay that was good we got two birds
stoned at once I don't think I want we
have three scents to play around with in
my mind right now we have no sense to
play around with in my mind right now
okay okay we're gonna try experimental
treatment wasn't worth much amen there's
nothing to buy like the best thing to
buy is the coin purse maybe we can get
some stats out of it sure I mean that
actually did nothing for us I'm drowsy
would have been good for the final boss
fight but well here we go I don't love
our odds here but we'll see I mean the
the stats are good our HP is garbage but
the stats are good speaking of which
ended up being like a really really good
death card way better than I would have
expected to have a chance to take
advantage up here but I'm gambling on a
a greed mode loss here I think
we can obviously stay pretty far away
you know Whittle them down there and the
crowd-control shouldn't be much of a big
deal but to be real with you I don't
really love my odds of I don't really
have a lot of confidence in my ability
to dodge the attacks from ultra green
because it's just been a hundred years
since I fought it I well regularly at
least I think we almost have to beat
greed without getting hit and we already
got hit once I'm not giving up by the
way still going at it here it's not
quite sure if we get if we got the tools
don't really mind the keys even if they
get away again we got good crowd control
the little Harbinger is doing good work
for us as well or you know the seal or
whatever the heck it's called sin Victor
came up with the name little Harbinger
and I'm I'm for it not just cuz I got
you know I got to support my boi of
course just liked it more as a name and
it could be a good item the worse your
run is the better that item is it's
probably my my honest assessment I'd say
if we get through this without getting
hit one more time
we got an okay chance obviously I'd love
to it's very stupid to stand there we
got lucky though obviously I'd love to
pick up another spirit heart somehow I
don't think it's plausible that was
maybe
we're gonna have to HP left I got to
remember how does the onk work obviously
it responds you miss blue baby does it
respond you in the same room or do you
fall back one room I think you fall back
one room which is bad for us but you
know don't don't write yourself off yet
it's only in your head to feel left out
or look down on just try your best try
everything you can and don't you worry
what those bitter hearts are gonna say
it just takes some time little girl
you're in the middle of the ride
everything everything will be just fine
everything everything will be alright
should not have stood there we are done
aren't we no well it's a learning lesson
we're still gonna try but I don't give
myself great odds unfortunately did we
get any stat bonuses for being blue baby
I mean I'm assuming no and the answer is
no how do we actually win this one
we probably should have selected better
items synthol i don't think would have
done it by itself but you know it could
have contributed to us getting oh Jesus
it could have contributed to us doing a
little better I am actually getting
stomped on like quite literally his feet
are stompin on me keep in mind I'm
bereft of sprinkler this just take me
away I'm not actually giving up but my
soul has started to leave my body did
you see the shot speed on that you know
what that's what I get for trying to
rush progress also what is this music am
I losing my mind is a is a terrifying
clown about to appear from behind my
office door doo dee dee dee dee doo dee
dee dee dee dee doo dee dee dee dee dee
okay that's beyond Sebastian Bach hey
thanks for watching I began to enjoy the
episode if you did click the like button
helps had a great deal of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future
for now though thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time
dang it